Setup linting with flake8 and plugins (#65)
Defra-Data-Science-Centre-of-Excellence/sds-data-model: markdown/linting.md

Finding errors/issues with code earlier on in development can also save time and resources in the long-run. 

## How?

There are several ways you can run `flake8`:

1. ad-hoc via the command-line
1. ad-hoc via your IDE
1. After you push to GitHub, as part of a CI pipeline

### Via the command-line

Once installed, flake8 can be run on individual files `flake8 path/to/code/to/check.py` or on directories `flake8 path/to/code`. 

### In your IDE (VS Code)

Linting can be run in VS Code from the command palette, selecting **Python: Run Linting**. Any issues that the linter finds are displayed in the **Problems** tab of the command panel. To set `flake8` as a linter, select **Python: select linter** from the command palette, and choose `flake8` from the list.  

Your `settings.json` file can be configured to select/ignore certain `flake8` error codes. For example the following can be added:

``` json
"python.linting.flake8Args": ["--ignore=E303"]
```
By default, the `settings.json` file will have "Linting in general" and "Linting on file save" set as true.

### As part of a CI pipeline

> This project uses GitHub Actions for Continuous Integration. The CI workflow is defined in `.github/workflows/python-package.yml`. This workflow will run the  `black` and `isort` sessions as part of the `format` job, whenever code is pushed to the `develop` branch or pull requests into `develop` are triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses GitHub Actions for Continuous Integration. The CI workflow is defined in `.github/workflows/python-package.yml`. This workflow will run the  `lint` job, whenever code is pushed to the `develop` branch or pull requests into `develop` are triggered.
```
